feat(highlight): update default color scheme (#26334)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/news.txt

  • Legacy and extmark signs are displayed and listed with the same priority:
      line number -> priority -> sign id -> recently placed

> • Default color scheme is now "Neovim branded". `:colorscheme default` now

Reviewer: ```suggestion
• Default color scheme has been updated to be "Neovim branded" and accessible. Use `:colorscheme vim` to revert to the old legacy color scheme.
```
